సిద్ధార్థుని ద్వారా నాకు సాయం చేసిన వ్యక్తుల పేర్లు నాతో కలిసినవారు, నాతో ఉన్నవారు, నన్ను తీసుకెళ్ళినవారు. 
మొట్టమొదట నన్ను బయటికి లాగి జ్ఞానం ద్వారా తీసుకొచ్చిన మొట్టమొదటి వ్యక్తి ప్రవీన్ పగడాలగారు. 
నాకు చాలా ఇష్టమైనటువంటి నా సోదరుడు, అలాగే దేవుని సేవకులు ఆయనకి కోట్లాది వందనాలు. 
తరువాత చాలా మంది ఉన్నారు కానీ ప్రవీన్ పగడాలగారి జ్ఞానంతోవరా ఆయన ఇచ్చినటువంటి ఆర్గుమెంట్స్ ద్వారానే నాకు ఏదైతే వాస్తవం కురాన్లో ఏదైతే ఉంది వాస్తవమే కదా.
ఆరు వందల ఎనభై సంవత్సరాలే ఏం జరిగింది. అప్పుడు ఆదరణకర్తలేదా? శిష్యులు ఆదరణకర్త లేకుండే చనిపోయారా? వాళ్లకున్నటువంటి జ్ఞానంతోవరానే తీర్పు జరగబడుతుంది. 
తీర్పయితే ఇవ్వబడుతుందా? అసలు ఆదరణకర్త ఎందుకు వచ్చారు? ఇలాంటి ప్రశ్నలన్నిటికి పగడాలగారు ఇచ్చినటువంటి ప్రవీన్ గారు ఇచ్చినటువంటి సమాధానం నాకు చాలా స్పష్టంగా 
ఇట్ టచ్ మై హార్ట్ అండ్ థ్యాంక్ యూ సో మచ్ ఫర్ గివింగ్ ద అపోర్చునిటీ ఫ్రం పగడాల సర్ బై గాడ్ ఐ ఫీల్ లైక్ దేట్ ఎన్ ఆపోర్చునిటీ ద్యాట్ గాడ్ సేవ్డ్ మి అండ్ ఐ థ్యాంక్ 
యూ వెరీ మచ్ జీసస్ క్రైస్ట్ హీరో ఇజ్రాయేల్ లార్డ్ అవర్ గాడ్ ఇజ్ వన్ సో అస్ పర్ దట్ ఐ లవ్ మై లార్డ్ అండ్ ఐ థ్యాంక్ యూ ప్రవీన్ సార్ బై గివింగ్ అన్'appo'ర్చునిటీ అండ్
ఆల్సో ప్రొవైడింగ్ సపోర్ట్ ఫర్ ఆల్ మై లైఫ్ అండ్ ఐ థ్యాంక్ యూ వెరీ మాచ్ మై లార్డ్ ఫర్ గివింగ్ సచ్చ్ అనపోర్చునిటీ టూ చేంజ్ మై లైఫ్ అండ్ ట్రాన్స్ఫామ్ ఇంటో అ లవ్లీ వ
ండెర్ఫుల్ లైఫ్ అండ్ లేటర్ ఆన్ ఐ థ్యాంక్ ఆల్సో మై బ్రదెర్స్ అండ్ మై ఫ్యామిలీ మెంబెర్స్ హూ హెల్ప్డ్ మి టూ చేంజ్ అండ్ ట్రాన్స్ఫామ్ అండ్ వన్ ఆఫ్ మా ఫ్యామిలీ
మెంబర్ హెర్ నేమ్ ఈజ్ షీజ్ మై... She's my family member and she's my relative. Her name, I don't know her name,
but she is my relative and she is my mother-in-law. And thank you, my mother-in-law and her husband's 
name is Srinu. And thank you so much, sir, Srinu, by providing such a wonderful help by giving a 
telephonic connection between us. And later on, the next person, the next person, one of the fellow
friends who is in the church and his name is, I think, Samson. So I thank you, Samson, sir. I 
thank you very much. I'm praying, I'm praying about Samson also and my mother-in-law also. 
She helped me a lot. They are my relatives, I call them as my relatives. So Samson is my 
relative and my mother-in-law is my relative already. And Hare Krishna, my brother, one 
of my brothers and sir who helped me and who supported me, who prayed for me in secret
and I don't know at the time, and I followed a demonic ideology, the same, and I got 
to know the truth. And the fellowship who is in my college and community who prayed 
for me, I thank you so much for them also. And finally, some friends who helped me 
that the demonic ideology which was running in my mind, they have found it and they
are also from Muslim community. I don't want to hide, but I love them so much as 
my brothers. I love him. A special friend is there in my college and I love him 
so much. I testify openly. I love him so much as my brother and my friend. 
I hope my brother and my friend will also get to know the real path, rather 
a strayed route path with demonic ideology or something which was there. 
I don't want to call anyone of the community in Muslim or the Muslim
community as terrorists because I don't want to have any issue with
those people, but I have issues with the ideology. So the issues with the people who 
created or the people who created the teachings or people who edited the teachings, I have issues with
those people. I have issues with them because the one who is following that ideology also, they don't know
what the ideology is teaching. So I thank you so much for them. And these are the people collectively helped me,
and I am testifying openly, they have loved me a lot, God loves unconditionally. So firstly, God had love, and
later these people had came up with advocacy from God, and I thank you very much to these people. And there is
another Muslim friend in my college also, I have argued with him also, but still, he is also one of my good 
friends, but still, he had no heart to change, and he argued back with me, but I have no issues. I love him 
so much, as God had loved me, Jesus Christ had showed me the love, same love I am showing to him also, the 
same. And, but I don't remember the day, but I remember the day with my one close Muslim friend. I love him 
so much in my college. And until the end, as Lord of God loved us, I have so much love on him, my friend, 
my brother, so much. I can't express that as how God can, God's love we can't see with eyes, but we see 
as evidence and experience and also with the logic which people are using in the Muslim community to 
spread the ideology of Muslims. Thank you so much, but I remember these all people and I am praying 
for them. One last line, we will remember one line and we will move on. Isaiah 43:1, Isaiah 43:1, 
it says that, it is saying about God again. So let me see Isaiah 43:1, and it says that, But now 
thus says the Lord, he who created you, O Jacob, he who formed you, O Israel, fear not, for I have
redeemed you. I have called by your name, you are mine. I love you so much. What can I give more
than this, as you have given me this? Love, Israel's only savior. And we continue, but 43:1, But
now thus says the Lord, he who created you, O Jacob, he who formed you, O Israel, fear not, for 
I have redeemed you. I have called you by name, you are mine. When you pass through the waters, 
I will be with you, and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you. When you walk through 
the fire, you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you. For I am the Lord, your 
God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior. I gave Egypt as your ransom, Cush and Seba in exchange
for you. Because you are precious in my eyes and honored and I love you, I give men in return for
you, peoples in exchange for your life. Fear not, for I am with you. I will bring your offspring
from the east and from the west I will gather you. I will say to the north, Give up, and to the 
south, Do not withhold. Bring my sons from afar and my daughters from the end of the earth, 
everyone who will call by my name, who I create for my glory, whom I formed and made. Bring out
the people who are blind, yet have eyes, who are deaf, yet have ears. All the nations gather
ogether and the people assemble. Who among them can declare this and show us the former things?
Let them bring their witness to prove them right and let them hear and say, It is true. 
You are my witness, declared the Lord, and my servant whom I choose, that you may know
and believe me and understand that I am he. Before me, no god was formed, nor shall
there be any after me. I, I am the Lord, and besides me there is no Savior. 
I declare and save and proclaim, When there was no strange god among you,
and you are my witness, declares the Lord, and I am God. Also henceforth I am he. 
There is none who can deliver from my hand. I work, who can turn it back? Thus says the Lord,
your Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel: For your sake I send to Babylon and bring them all down 
as fugitives, even the Chaldeans in the ships in which they rejoice. I am the Lord, your Holy one
, the Creator of Israel, your King.Thus says the Lord, Thus says the Lord, who make a way in
the sea, a path in the mighty waters, who brings forth chariots or horses, army and warrior.
They lie down, they cannot rise. They are extinguished, quenched like a wick. Remember not 
the former things, nor consider the things of old. Behold, I am doing a new thing. Now it 
springs forth, do you not perceive it? I will make a way in the wilderness and rivers in
the desert. The vain, the wild beast will honor me, the jackals and the ostriches, for 
I give water in the wilderness, rivers in the desert, to give drink to my chosen people, 
the people whom I formed for myself, that they might declare my praise. Yet you did not
call upon me, O Jacob, but you have been weary of me, O Israel. You have not brought 
me your sheep for burnt offerings, or honored me with your sacrifices. I have not 
burdened you with offerings, or wearied you with frankincense. You have not bought
me sweet cane with money, or satisfied me with the fat of your sacrifices, but
you have burdened me with your sins, you have wearied me with your iniquities
I, I am he who blots out your transgressions for my own sake, and I will not
remember your sins. Put me in remembrance, let us argue together, set forth 
your case, that you may be proved right. your first father sinned and your 
mediator transgressed against me. Therefore, I will profane the princes of 
the sanctuary and deliver Jacob to utter destruction and Israel to reviling.
Amen. The line which was called, but now thus says the Lord, he who created you,
O Jacob, he who formed you, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed you. I have called you by name, you are mine. I thank you, Lord, for the time provided me. 
This is Christ, how he had given, how he had prayed, the Father, my Father, 
and the believers' Father who helped me, and my friends, their friends, my people, their people, my friends, their friends.
I love you so much. Thank you for helping me, supporting me, giving you a support, giving your help, giving your all, all time need, all time help for my need. I thank you so much and thank you for your real help and support. 
Thank you so much, Lord my God, 
Hero Israel,
Lord our God is one. And thank you so much what Jesus have given to believers. And it is clear,
he is the Lord my God, Jesus Christ. Thank you so much. This prayer, you will win and you will make believers to be believers. Thank you so much, my Father, my God, their Father, their God. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much. 
Praise the God, praise the Lord, praise the Lord, praise the Lord. Thank you so much, thank you so much. Amen.
